docs: add LLM Models example entry (#282)
score-spec/docs: content/en/docs/examples/llm-models.md

---
title: "LLM Models"
linkTitle: "LLM Models"
description: "How to deploy local LLM models with Open WebUI using `score-compose`"
weight: 8
---

## Overview

> In this example we will walk you through how you can deploy local LLM models with [Open WebUI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui) as the frontend, and this with `score-compose`. We'll cover two approaches to running the LLM models locally: using [Ollama](https://ollama.com/) and using [Docker Model Runner (DMR)](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/features/model-runner/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will walk you through how you can deploy local LLM models with [Open WebUI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui) as the frontend, and this with `score-compose`. We'll cover two approaches to run the LLM models locally: using [Ollama](https://ollama.com/) or using [Docker Model Runner (DMR)](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/features/model-runner/).
```
